hi guys yes long overdue but I'm just
gonna go into this video and please
don't remind me in my own words
the simplest I can go is TC includes
shampoo so you shampoo your scalp and
then as you're rinsing it out it's
obviously going to touch your hair so
you don't necessarily need to wash your
hair strip it of all its moisture the
conditioner whatever conditioner suits
you and then you need to leave in
regular conditioner onto your hair to
meet so I should go and I think the most
important part of this is knowing your
conditioner which is actually one of the
question if if you don't get the right
conditioner for your hair this this type
of washing goes like pointless you might
as well just make your own little Nick's
at home and then apply it to your hair
and if it works stick to it the morning
routine and night routine water and
conditioner is the most important part
of your night routine in the day routine
keeping your hair moisturized especially
at the ends the night routine is
extremely braiding so you braid your
hair and like to keep all your curl
pattern together and in the morning you
just remove it when you don't really
have a specific girl pattern and you
just want to create a carpet in the book
she mentioned twists so I guess it's the
same as twist outs like to me I don't
think the book is any special I just
think it's it's a book that will help
someone who isn't on YouTube someone who
doesn't know that YouTube exists and
trust you me there are people out there
who have no idea that YouTube exists in
the head community
and obviously if you want to call a
challenge like me you just once to keep
it strict on something especially
summertime don't you get tempted to do
so many things on your hair when it's
summer I do like I want to try
everything I would say yes and no the
reason I say yes is because I found that
it was easier to maintain then
afterwards when I figured out that it
was the breedings that made it like that
because there were like two nights way I
actually went to bed without the
breathing hook up in the morning and I
couldn't do my like things were just
tangled I couldn't bring my fingers
through it was like what happened and
then I realized all my greatness I did
not and I had a second pillow yes it
helped to maintain my texture why do I
say no I say no because I find that
every time I change the conditioner my
texture has a different feel to it so I
cannot really say it's the method but I
think it's the conditioner it almost it
almost feels a little bit more silky or
a little bit more rough or a bit more
sticky a bit more dry like every time I
try to explore my texture kind of gets a
bit mad at me or gets bent happy with me
or something I wanted TC for three
months and I did not do any length check
so I promised that I will do some sort
of challenge where I do some sort of
length check I didn't do land check but
my last length check it was between 5 to
7 inches like some plates were five
inches some please
seven inch and six inches so I think
that was September September of last
year so it's now six months seven months
I love around it and I only have three
inches growth because it's about ten
inches not ten ten and eleven inches if
you with me on Facebook then you
probably know I'm trying to figure out
my regimen and I think it's working
I'm so excited I think it's my gosh
I hope I did not forget to answer
anybody's question take care guys and I
will